Fix docs on clustering auto value (#2870)
livebook-dev/livebook: docs/deployment/clustering.md

### `auto`

> #### Attention {: .warning}
>

> > "auto" is only a valid value if you're running Livebook on Fly.io or Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> "auto" is only a valid value if you're running Livebook's Docker image on Fly.io or Kubernetes.
```
